**Changes from Part II**

I’ve made some considerable changes since submitting my Part II of the Final project. I have a good diversity of data visualizations on my Shorthand site now after I added a tree map, lollipop chart, and a bubble chart. I made a bubble chart to show the specific theatres that I selected for my data analysis. I included the theater logos in the chart, and I used the colors blue and orange to differentiate between theatres with budgets below $1 Million and above $1 Million. I then changed the first two-line graphs to reflect this color change, so I was consistent across the presentation. 

I also wanted to add more visualizations towards the end of the presentation to demonstrate visually what “months of cash-on-hand” means and to also show the relative size of some of the largest cash reserves. I used Tableau to make a lollipop chart and tree map to accomplish this. The lollipop chart shows the breakdown of months-of-cash-on-hand by each theatre. I wanted a place to show that even the smaller theatres can sustain themselves longer with operating reserves. For the tree map, I wanted to show the sheer volume of the largest cash reserves at nonprofit theaters. I put this right after the racing line graph. 

I also went through the presentation and made some edits to the narration style and vocabulary. I decided to use “Operating Reserves” and “reserves” as my main vocabulary because many “board” reserves are designated for capital expenditures only, and I wanted to capture the money that these organizations have on hand for operating expenses. I then went and changed many of my graphics, including the Recommended Operating Reserves on Hand compared to the Actual Operating Reserves calendar graphic. 

Many of my adjustments were made from my peer critiques. I added a graphic for my Months of Cash-on-Hand calculation and “What is an Operating Reserve?” section. I moved my Months of Cash-on-Hand calculation explanation and placed it immediately before I explained the data on each line graph. My peers also mentioned that the original green and yellow line graph colors were not signaling what I wanted them to, so that was changed when I made them blue and orange. My peers also didn’t feel like it was a “theatre” presentation because they weren’t reminded that they were looking at data from theaters. I changed most of the large visuals to theaters and audience pictures. 

One of my main critiques from Part II was that I didn’t have a clear beginning, middle, and end. I think that my structure is much better and more defined. I think that the true beginning of my presentation, when things start to get in motion after the context has been given, is when I show the sample of NYC nonprofit theatre organizations in 2021. The middle of my presentation is my “but wait” moment, when I show that operating reserves set more robust organizations apart in the long-term. For my end, I added a section saying that “establishing an operating reserve is wise for any theater to prepare for future fiscal uncertainty.” My main struggle with the flow of the presentation is that I want the audience to understand my process through the data analysis, and at times I think that the context I give is clunky and may be overwhelming for an uninformed reader. 

**What I Couldn't Fix**

The only peer critique that I was not able to fix in my presentation is the blurriness of the Balance Sheet. Shorthand is not flexible with different image sizes and resolutions, so any file that I submitted was blurry. For the sake of the project, I wanted to keep it in because even though you can’t see the specific numbers, it’s still helpful to know where I was grabbing the data from on each organization’s financial statements. For the sake of the site being publicly accessible, I may delete this section if I still can’t get a non-blurry capture of the Balance Sheet. 

**What Stands Out**

One thing that stands out to me from this process is how intentional you have to be with guiding your audience along in your story. Especially with a data and numbers-heavy project like mine, I felt like I had to explain almost every facet of my process to get to the final visualization. Since I extracted my data from over one hundred financial statements, I felt it was necessary to explain my data metrics and how I rendered each visualization. It was difficult to decide what to keep and what to toss for mentioning this process. 
